what's going on everybody my name is
ness welcome to episode 6 of team of
trading trading to team of the season
Cristiano Ronaldo this episode will be a
bit different but first off I'd like to
thank you for your support these days I
know I've been elected for a long time I
still appreciate the guys who are with
me and keep supporting me I really do
appreciate it but uh let's just jump
into video because I picked up this
another William carvalho and you'll be
surprised by the price but this is
because it is a couple weeks later I
told you I took a break from trading I
just couldn't be arsed rating and I
picked up a this this William carvalho
for 166,000 coins I know you won't
you'll think like this is not a good
deal mess trust me it is because as you
can see on the screen now there's only
one up on the market I'm gonna be trying
to sell this one overnight for just
under 300,000 coins and look on the
screen look what happen two hundred and
eighty-five thousand points I just try
it I yield it and I succeeded as always
best trader you know you know not just
kidding look like this is why I wanted
to make kind of different episode
because this happens so many times
silvers and bronzes are so rare it is
ridiculous that's why I'm trying to
trade with these guys since the one of
his down alleyways I'm struggling with
training so i'm trying to find good
deals and where else then silver and
bronze players isn't gonna happen
because people just basically are being
lazy or don't know the price they list
up the player for 150 start you can't
get a good deal out of it and as you saw
i did i picked this guy for worse than
66,000 quite sold him for 285,000 boys
that is around like 100,000 quick profit
and that is absolutely insane why do I
do this I'm basically gonna tell you
trading is it's easy you know like are
you gonna do place a little bit sell for
more buy low sell high buy low sell high
buy low sell high buy low sell high
that's how it works right but there's
also a demand like people demand gold
players they want to make teams will go
players there are just a few play a few
guys who you
silver and bronze players and because of
the rarity of that like there are there
are some people who basically just buy
these players to get them in a club like
I know a youtuber Cudjoe Blair HD he's a
very nice guy I'll leave a link to his
channel down below he only plays with
silver and bronze players he's like he
knows everything about those players
he's such a good youtuber check him out
but literally he's like one of those
guys who just placed with silver and
bronze players and there are many more
like him who just used silver players
and they are willing to pay a lot for
those players this is what happens
because they are rare people are willing
to pay more and that is basically how
you make how you can make us a profit so
go on to the market try it yourself when
you see a rare player don't overpay
dough like I know he's normally around
200 k so I paid 170 180 I can still make
a decent profit I just tried to sell him
on for three hundred and I made a profit
don't overpay and hope to selling for
more bait for normal price if there's
like only one up trying to sign one for
more if it succeeds good job if it feels
yeah don't worry just a little loss or
even a little profit it's not bad at all
so yeah that's basically what i wanted
to do this video basically explain you
why silver and bronze players are so
good to trade with they are rare here
sell them on for a lot you can make big
profits so hope you guys did enjoy this
video let's try and smash another 400
likes in this video that will be highly
appreciated and I through the deal boys
I'd like to thank you very much for
watching a doctah voice on my piece